Conan stared at the unconscious headmaster, his face turning blue—the headmaster, not Conan.

"Someone call the nurse! Call the teachers!" Someone yelled.

Students around him continued to whisper, gossiping about the new kid. Some started to panic, one girl had a horrified look on her face and screamed as she ran out to the hallways.

Conan immediately kneeled down to check the headmaster's pulse—luckily he was still alive, albeit, struggling.

"Let's see...coughing, sudden collapse, shortness of breath...it could be any poison." Conan cursed.

The teachers and paramedics arrived, carrying the headmaster back to safety as the others instructed the students to return back to their classrooms.

Meanwhile, Conan stood there, still frozen and baffled.

"The tea didn't have any strange appearance or odor. But I need to take a look—"

Another teacher noticed him, pulling him away from the scene. "Kid, you need to come with me."

"No! Wait—" Conan panicked. "I need to analyze the poison and figure out who's behind it—I need to prove my innocence!"

Anya blinked as she watched Conan getting dragged away. "...innocence?"

She jolted, "Ah—poisons! I remember my mama talking about it at her job!"

Anya looks around, suspecting no one was watching her.

"Must...get...sample!" She quickly went over to the spilled tea, almost slipping in the process. She bent over and wiped it down with her handkerchief before any teacher noticed what she was doing.

After an intense round of questioning, Conan was released from the office. As he went back inside the classroom, he could still hear whispers and gossip among the students. He was beginning to form a reputation already.

"Aw...nuts! This just made things more difficult!" Conan thought.

"Did he just say nuts?" Anya blinked from her desk.

"I need to find whoever's behind this and pin it to them. If I keep becoming the center of attention like this...my chances of being found out will be high and they're going to bring me back..."

Conan's mind went into a frenzy of all the possibilities, making Anya dizzy from trying to keep up with his thoughts.

"...I'm a detective, after all. Use your knowledge, Shinichi—what's the point of it if you can't prove your innocence!"

Anya's eyes widened, "A detective!? Waku! Waku!"

"Think, Shinichi. Think! What did I remember earlier?" Conan replayed his memory from earlier with bullet speed, making Anya impressed but also a little overwhelmed.

"He thinks just like papa!"

Conan continued to ponder, but eventually sighed. The cafeteria was now off limits for investigation. He couldn't' go back to look for clues, and students weren't allowed to leave the classrooms either until the bell rings.

"I should help him..." Anya thought.

She decided to walk over to him and gave him her stained handkerchief, "Here."

Conan blinked, tilting his head in surprise as he tried to figure out what the pink haired girl in front of him was doing.

"Oh—huh? Is this...for me?"

"You look sad, about to cry. Here, take my handkerchief." Anya offered.

Conan hesitated, "Huh? Oh...I'm not—"

"Anya wants to help you." She insisted.

Conan sighed, knowing he shouldn't seem to be more rude to his classmates now that he already had a bad impression on them.

He eventually accepted and smiled awkwardly, "Thank you...Anya..."

"Why is this stained? This kid better not put her boogers in them." Conan thought.

Anya felt a little offended, but was determined to make her intentions clear by giving him a clue.

"It's stained because I used it to wipe the tea on the floor earlier."

"Huh? Then why are you giving this to me, isn't that unsanitary?" Conan raised a brow, but Anya only stared.

He paused as the realization hit him. "Wait, is this the tea that the head master drank earlier?"

"Yes." Anya said bluntly.

Conan felt suspicious. Why would a kid wipe down something that was said to be poisoned? But then again...she looked dumb...it seems like the type kids her age would do.

"I was taught to observe cleanliness but couldn't find a mop...so I used my handkerchief to clean it up." Anya partly lied.

"Ah...I'll keep that in mind, then." Conan smiled awkwardly. He held the handkerchief with caution, making sure his fingers were only touching the dry part.

"Thanks to this dirty girl, I managed to get a crucial clue."

"Hehe...I'm helping!"

After classes, Conan snuck into the school laboratory. He set out the necessary tools and equipment to investigate the tea.

He pulled out a ziploc bag containing Anya's soaked handkerchief. Conan carefully wrung it, extracting the liquid and pouring it into a vial.

"Let's see..." Conan began analyzing the liquid.


"No strange smell. If it were poison like Cyanide or Belladonna, there would have been a distinct almond odor...none of that here. It smells just like what a normal tea is supposed to smell—a mix of herbs, florals like the elderflower, which could be used to mask certain compounds, and...peanuts?"

Conan blinked, confused as to why someone would put peanuts on the tea...

Conan shook his head.

"It's probably from that strange girl...I saw her munching on peanuts earlier when I walked into class. Her peanut must've been mixed into the tea sample when she wiped it using her handkerchief."

He continued to list all possibilities. Meanwhile, Anya was outside, peeping through the cracked door while listening to his thoughts.

"A detective in the work! Is he like papa? He looks so cool!"

Conan continued his work, "Hmm...no traces of any strange chemicals. The substance looks normal...it just seems like normal tea—no strange anomaly..."

"He's not getting any leads..." Anya sighed, slumping against the wall as she watched other students pass by.

"Waah! This is my fault! I poisoned the headmaster!!" Anya overheard a girl's thoughts.

"WHAT?!" Anya turned around.

"Why did I slip my potion onto that tea?! If anyone finds out I'll be in big trouble!"

"Wah—potion?! Is she...a WITCH?" Anya gasped, standing up.

"NO ONE MUST KNOW!"

"Witch witch witch witch! This is so exciting!!" Anya quickly followed the girl, abandoning the young detective alone in the laboratory.
